c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\boardProto.exe
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\boardProto.pdb
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.exe
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.pdb
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Graphics\PlayerS.png
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Graphics\PlayerXS.png
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Graphics\Player.png
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\DebugFont.xnb
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\boardProto.exe.manifest
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\boardProto.application
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.exe.manifest
c:\users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.application
C:\Users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.ResolutionQuery.resources
C:\Users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\obj\x86\Debug\boardProto.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tiles\Ground\TileDirt1x1.xnb
C:\Users\mxalex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\boardProto\boardProto\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tiles\Ground\TileDirt2x2.xnb
